A seven-year-old boy with short brown hair and bright eyes runs down a dirt path toward a medieval market square. He wears a rough brown wool tunic belted at the waist with a leather strap, dark wool trousers tucked into simple leather shoes, and a dark cloak that streams behind him in the wind. Under his left arm he clutches a small grey stuffed elephant tight against his ribs. He runs in the left-center foreground, his right arm pumping, body leaning forward with momentum, feet kicking up small clods of earth. The path descends toward the wide stone-paved square in the midground, where a crowd of villagers in muted wool cloaks and tunics stands unnaturally still, their backs turned to the viewer, all facing a tall wooden pole at the far center of the square. A fur-trimmed hat sits atop the pole. The town of Altdorf surrounds the square — timber-framed buildings with narrow windows, a grey stone church tower to the right background. The November sky is pale and overcast, heavy clouds pressing low. The bottom-left corner is shadowed by a dark stone wall and dead leaves on the ground, leaving the foreground path dim. Wide shot, late-morning light, overcast.

---METADATA---
{"characters":[{"name":"Lukas","position":"left center foreground","clothing":"costumed:mittelalterlich","perspective":"front"}],"objects":["LOC001","ART001","ART002"],"interactions":[{"character":"Lukas","object":"Eli (Stoffelefant)","where":"tucked under left arm, held tight against ribs"}],"background":"crowd of villagers in wool cloaks standing still facing wooden pole with hat, medieval town buildings and grey stone church tower","setting":"outdoor","time":"morning","weather":"cloudy","shot":"wide","textPosition":"bottom-left","emptyScenePrompt":"Wide medieval market square in Altdorf, November, stone-paved ground with dead leaves, timber-framed buildings on all sides, grey stone church tower right background. A tall wooden pole stands prominent at the square's center with a fur-trimmed hat mounted on top — focal point of the composition. Pale overcast sky, heavy clouds. Bottom-left corner shadowed by a dark stone wall and fallen leaves."}